Absolute garbage. Hands down, the worst phone I've ever used. So busy focusing on trying to act like an Apple product that they've lost the plot for user experience. I'll be going back to Nokia. Had a Nokia phone for five years and never had the issues that sprung up within a week of using a Samsung.
Loyal Samsung owner. Purchased an S25 Edge directly from Samsung. USB-C didn't recognize charger. Was going to exchange but started working. 3 months later stopped working. Repair center can't get the parts. Samsung won't send them the part. Called 4 times. Battery performance worse using wirless charging now. As a business owner, am forced to send it in and be without my phone for AT LEAST 5-7 days. Unacceptable. Last Samsung I'm purchasing.
I bought the Galaxy A15 serial # R5CX3479KCH on 03/06/22 from Tello Mobile, order #**. I registered the phone on the Samsung account. It went out of service in mid May with a "no sim card" error message. Thinking that the sim card had fallen into the phone, I ordered a new sim card on 05/21/25, received and installed it on 05/28/25. The phone still had no service with the same error message, but is under warranty. Per Samsung procedures, I first took it to "ubreakifix" who examined the phone and verbally reported that the problem was the card reader, and it was irreparable. Per Samsung procedures, I returned the A15 on 05/30/25 with this background information and told them I was requesting a refund because it is under warranty, and I did not need the phone repaired or returned as I had purchased a new Galaxy A16. I asked them to honor their warranty on the A15.
When I phoned to follow up the first time, I was told that they didn't have any work order or the A15 phone and I should send it. Second follow up, they told me to send back the A15. Third follow up, they had found the work ticket dated 5/30 but it was for the A16 because they had taken it upon themselves to cancel the ticket for the A15 and changed it to apply to the A16. And I should send in the phone. (A15 with no ticket? A16 with no problems?) At that point, I filed a Complaint to the Better Business Bureau. The next day I received a call from the President's staff saying that the phone would soon be repaired and returned.
I responded that I need a refund because of the warranty, and sent copies of the purchase receipt for each phone. Their final reply emailed July 2nd: "I know you wanted a refund but upon review, your Samsung device has been repaired and it will be delivered to you on 07/03/2025 by 5:00 pm as per UPS **. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter. Their final stand is that I was supposed to wait for 32 days with no a phone because of their incompetence. I must swallow the cost of both phones so that would not have to spend a penny.
I WILL NEVER TRUST SAMSUNG EVER AGAIN! Your company made and sold me a product that out of the blue died from a fried motherboard. I was sent by your people to a certified Samsung technician who discovered the issue and after circling back to Samsung I am being bullied by your company to pay hundreds of dollars left to pay off the phone, a balance which should be canceled because I shouldn't be liable to pay for a phone that was made to fail before I even signed a contract which promised me an above average made phone which I'm realizing has an extensive amount of complaints, specifically S22's and S23's, both of which in recorded convo with an AT&T rep was revealed to me to be well known to have Firmware problems among other issues including Fried Motherboards.
I've been a loyal Samsung customer for years, consistently investing in their flagship devices. That loyalty ended with the Z Flip 6. Without warning, and absent any drop, water damage, or software update, my touchscreen became completely unresponsive—working one moment, completely dead the next. I treated the phone meticulously, and it was still well within the one-year warranty. When I brought it to a Samsung service center, I was stunned at the response: they claimed a minor cosmetic scratch—on the exterior and not on the screen—was enough to void the warranty entirely. Not damage, not abuse. A scratch.
I was excited to get my new Samsung A16 a few months ago. That lasted for about 2 weeks until all hell broke lose. Can't stop auto correct from capitalizing and making text nonsense as if not knowing English. Extreme lag on Google Maps that it sent me to different places a few times. I can't see any pictures sent through text or even through email on the phone. (Can't see pics sent from customers or my son's vacation in Asia.) Constantly removing itself from Bluetooth and going into plane-mode on its own. Will stop charging at 50% even when on charger all night. Happens 2-3 times a week. If I have it in my pocket upside down, the headphones get static or audio cuts out. That's just what I can think of off of the top of my head. It's an Android and seems that they are falling way behind iPhone if the new ones work like mines.
Samsung sent a corrupted "update" to my phone and it is WRECKED! Locked up and no way to unlock it. I'm a Doctor and my contacts are VERY IMPORTANT. Most data, all texts, contacts, etc are GONE! Samsung "Customer service" is a POS! They admitted it was THEIR FAULT! But won't do ANYTHING at ALL to help. I requested a mailer to send the phone to Samsung for their "pros" to fix my phone and hopefully to send my data to me. The ** REFUSED! Insisting that I PAY FOR SERVICE for SAMSUNG destroying MY PHONE! Here is a greedy, callous, stupid corporation that cares NOTHING for its customers! Don't be a victim! Don't buy ANY POS SAMSUNG PHONES OR PRODUCTS! BUYER BEWARE!
Ok, so. I'm prefacing this by saying my Samsung phone itself isn't the issue. My issue is with the spam notifications that you cannot stop about apps that nobody cares about. If someone wanted these apps, everybody is grown enough to search or an app with the functionality they desire. I know I'm not the only one that is disk and tired of the nonsense, given the Galaxy app has a 1 star rating, mainly revolving around this very issue.
My old S8 was starting to give me trouble and I was afraid it would die on me so I decided it was time to replace it. One thing about phones....I always have an issue with carrying them around. Either they are too big for my pocket or too big to fit easily in my purse so I decided that I wanted the Filp. It's a really nice little phone. I love the folding option...Whenever I go out, it slips easily anywhere. And since I have the Galaxy watch, it works with that seamlessly, even better than my S8. The battery life is a lot better than my S8, too. I like the little screen on the front where I can check the weather, calendar, my steps, and play music.
This phone is great. It is 5G compatible. It comes with an S Pen. Has long-lasting battery life. Has lasted me a year and a half so far and still working fine. Comes with lots of apps and one specifically for the S pen. Comes with YouTube, Gmail, Google Play, Google Photos, Galaxy store, Google Maps, Netflix, Google Drive, Play Music and more. Very easy to set up. Dropped in many times and it still works fine and no screen damage. Very fast charging too. Comes with charger. Bought it brand new. Great camera quality. Has a front and back camera. Great phone overall.
The Galaxy Note 10 Plus is the best phone I've ever had. It's perfect in every way. Multi screen, battery life, built in memory, SD card, stylus, the multi stages of power saver. Max, medium, and standard, photos and videos and easy to crop and combine photos. Love how I can charge my wireless watch or headphones. The many themes to fit your personality.
I have had my Samsung Galaxy S-4 for several years, and I have been very happy with it. I have had no problems. It has always done the job that it was purchased for. I would get another Samsung phone for my next one.
This phone is designed to be a useful tool to help with someone who relies on multiple apps focusing on productivity as well as entertainment. Keeping track of financing, business, school assignment, work and social media has been so much better with this company than with previous companies I have had in the past.
This phone does internet, online games and even videos and movies. The only real problem is that my internet connection is unreliable, and it gets really slow when I'm only using the data. I mostly use it for text messages, phone calls and the Facebook messenger.
This is my 4th Samsung series phone - currently Note 20 Ultra 5g. I do like almost everything about the phone but there are a couple of things that I really wish they would address. First, I really wish they would go back to replaceable batteries. I picked up my last phone (a Note 10) when my Note 8 Active just up and stopped. I was told later the problem was probably caused by a shorted out battery. The other really small item is the lengths you have to go to get the device to acknowledge a home based cloud controller drive. Going through the internet with cloud controller app is okay, but shouldn't have to use internet when device is on intranet.
I prefer Samsung phones as they are user friendly, work great. Not too heavy, have lots of memory, wide display, etc. I always look to get another Samsung when trading up. The camera takes great pictures.
I have been using Samsung phones for over a decade now and I am very pleased, overall, although there is always room for improvement (hence the 4 stars). I love the different functions available on the Samsung phones and of course, the camera is a huge BONUS!
My phone is an older model and fairly easy to use. Tried an upgrade and found it too complicated. Satisfied with the one I own. Just needed a new battery. I really don't need a more advanced model.
