I would give no stars if I could. My 16 phone is still under warranty but Apple refusing to replace my battery. My phone on the back gets VERY hot. Apple store made me turn my phone off in case it caught on fire. Asurion said the 16 battery has placement changes and does not allow them to have or replace batteries. They were stunned Apple wouldn’t recognize my warranty. But Apple store was worried enough about the battery catching fire!! Interesting 16 was a complete battery placement change from all the other previous models. So I have a new 16 phone, worried about the ion battery catching fire and it loses a charge faster since I updated to the recent update! Apple must be losing money if they can't replace a battery under warranty! Other owners complaining about the same after updating! Our family has only owned Apple products.
The iPhone 6 is a fine model with rich features and ease of use. I am not sure why Apple needs to release so many models and variations. While I understand the profit motive I am not sure if the consumer is really what the company worries about. Take some of their later models like 7 and 7S, with more pixel cameras, etc., it seems their engineers are making the products for themselves. Truly, how many consumers really even care for those features?
The keys on the phone can easily be used and the fonts on the phone screen can be made where I can see them and type them. Some phone keys are so small that I can barely see them let alone type them.
I bought the iPhone 16 about three months ago for over $2,000, and I’ve been very disappointed with the Wi-Fi performance. The phone constantly drops connections, shows “No Internet Connection,” and struggles to stay connected even when other devices on the same network work fine. I’ve tried all the suggested fixes — resets, software updates, different routers — and nothing has solved the problem. I even went to Apple for support, but the issue is still unresolved. My iPhone is under warranty until 2027, and I expect Apple to either fix the problem or provide a proper replacement. At this price point, a basic feature like Wi-Fi should work reliably. I’m posting this review so other customers are aware and so Apple understands how serious this issue is.
I had to get a replacement iPhone 14 through Verizon and I have lost 2 years worth of data. I will never own another iPhone or recommend one to anyone. I blame iCloud for their poor performance and I will have to spend days just manually loading contacts.
Overall, the phone is great. The software, however, needs work. This is specific to the autocorrect feature. It has stopped only changing the word you are working on and had started grabbing entire chunks of text and randomly changing them. The results are overt errors added to everything from texts to twitter. It’s particularly bad with prepositions and tense. Ex. ‘I jumped hammer’ becomes ‘I jumps over the hammer’. ‘If I went to the store’ becomes ‘Of I want to the store.’
This phone is very dependable and easy to use. Once I finally switched to an iPhone I’ve never used anything else if I could help it. I’ve tried to encourage others to use the iPhone for their personal devices and have gotten mixed responses. However I love the iPhone. Even a novice user can learn how to use it easily.
Apps are terrible by comparison. No alarm clock that lets you set a future date. You can’t even use the alarm clock unless you hand over your health information and open a health app account. No calculator that provides a running calculation you can check or backspace. Difficult to toggle between screens. Most apps require annual subscription that were free on Android. Charging delays itself for “optimization“. You can’t get any help without also buying a membership that is very expensive. The camera quality is excellent and you can silence without logging in. Face login only works occasionally and phone logs off all the time. I cry daily over regrets in getting iPhone but too late to go back to android due to my contract. Advice to others - don’t do it! Losses exceed the nicer pictures.
Android to iPhone in August 2022. You would think by now Apple would provide a standard keyboard option. Typing passwords would be easier without having to change screens for numbers/punctuation/symbols. Too much emphasis on cameras and emojis and such. Ridiculous!!!! Not likely I’ll be purchasing anything Apple again. EVER!
I charge my phone all night. The following day after 2 hrs of used battery drained 1/4 of full. By 12:00 noon the phone is 1/2 full. By 2 o’clock must be charge again. I called Apple support, they run a test battery, they found an issue but never suggested to do anything, only to update the latest update. At this time I have a lemon I phone, no one to help us because we like their product..
I just purchased iPhone 14 pro max a week ago. I just noticed that its video camera is flickering. I return it and purchase new iPhone 14 pro max. Again, its video camera quality is same. It is frustrating. While comparing video camera of iPhone 14 pro max with iPhone 11 pro max, iPhone 14 pro max is worst. Apple is just rush to lunch new iPhones instead of making it reliable. Please invest your energy to make your iPhones reliable instead of just adding the number in front of it. I am again planning to return it and go back to my old phone. Please double check video camera of iPhone 14 pro max before purchasing it.
Paid $1730.92 but never receive anything. But they said it's none of their business because it is marked delivered by UPS. I ordered an iPhone 14 pro max 1tb to be delivered to my house. The UPS driver stole my stuff, delivered an empty box. But Apple does not protect their consumer. They could have track the lost phone or something or do more investigation. But instead, they stated that UPS claimed that they delivered and that's it. I lost my money but it's none of their business. Apple is doing business with criminals who steal from their customer. Horrible online shopping experience. Why selling stuff online when you cannot protect your customer from thief?
I recently got the new iPhone 14 Pro Max. I did the transfer from my old phone to my new phone over wifi like I usually do. However, a bunch of my shared albums were missing. It is just a stroke of luck that I hadn't erased the old phone yet, which I normally do, otherwise all of them would be gone (around 2,000 photos and videos). I have had 3 customer service phone calls about it so far and it STILL hasn't been fixed. So I am stuck waiting to delete the phone and give it to my mom, who really needs a new phone. Not to mention 5 hours of my time have been wasted thus far. I have never had such a frustrating, disappointing, and stressful experience. I hope they give me a gift card or something for the wasted time, since I can't get my time back and this should have never happened.
I bought a iPhone for my daughter. She has a learning disability. She locked herself out of her phone and didn't know the password due to her learning disability. Although I have every receipt and record showing that I was the original owner of the phone: Apple refuses to unlock the phone. I have sent multiple attempts to get them to unlock and they deny every request. Now my daughter's phone is useless and cannot be used. Apple doesn't care: and when I called the manager got very rude and aggressive with me and told me to call the police with my problem. Apple locked the phone not the Police. They treated me like a criminal. I never had a experience where a company was completely unwilling to provide any kind of resolution to a problem that completely locked me out from using a product I have rightfully paid for.
Called to setup a new phone when my old phone's screen randomly stopped working. Impossible to get into your account without a second expensive Apple device, or resetting your account "which could take weeks". Completely unacceptable that I hung up with them with zero resolution. They don't give **.
Volume for GPS cannot be increased. I have wasted over an hour searching for a solution. Which duck wad at Apple decided to make the volume, for the GPS when Bluetooth connected to the car, so difficult? Or impossible to increase?
iPhones offer a seamless user experience with their intuitive iOS interface and powerful processors, ensuring smooth performance. The devices boast top-notch cameras that capture stunning photos and videos.
This phone is very dependable and easy to use. Once I finally switched to an iPhone I’ve never used anything else if I could help it. I’ve tried to encourage others to use the iPhone for their personal devices and have gotten mixed responses. However I love the iPhone. Even a novice user can learn how to use it easily.
I found out after a lot of experience that MSI are the best and coolest Gaming accessories I have ever seen and I really recommend it because it is cheaper and more stronger and more cooler and fit a perfect gaming setup
I have had an IPhone starting with the IPhone launch in 2007. I have updated every 3-4 yrs and now have the IPhone 12 Pro Max. I love everything about the Apple products that I use almost continuously. I tried other OS' for interface with proprietary security systems, etc. and have found them vastly inferior to my Apple Products.